sudo prosodyctl register central localhost pass
sudo prosodyctl register carro_0 localhost pass
sudo prosodyctl register carro_1 localhost pass
sudo prosodyctl register carro_2 localhost pass
sudo prosodyctl register carro_3 localhost pass
sudo prosodyctl register carro_4 localhost pass
sudo prosodyctl register carro_5 localhost pass
sudo prosodyctl register carro_6 localhost pass
sudo prosodyctl register carro_7 localhost pass
sudo prosodyctl register carro_8 localhost pass
sudo prosodyctl register carro_9 localhost pass
sudo prosodyctl register carro_10 localhost pass
sudo prosodyctl register carro_11 localhost pass
sudo prosodyctl register carro_12 localhost pass
sudo prosodyctl register carro_13 localhost pass
sudo prosodyctl register carro_14 localhost pass
sudo prosodyctl register carro_15 localhost pass
sudo prosodyctl register carro_16 localhost pass
sudo prosodyctl register carro_17 localhost pass
sudo prosodyctl register carro_18 localhost pass
sudo prosodyctl register carro_19 localhost pass
sudo prosodyctl register semaforos_1 localhost pass
sudo prosodyctl register semaforos_2 localhost pass
sudo prosodyctl register semaforos_3 localhost pass
sudo prosodyctl register semaforos_4 localhost pass
sudo prosodyctl register semaforos_5 localhost pass
sudo prosodyctl register semaforos_6 localhost pass
sudo prosodyctl register emergencia_carro_1 localhost pass
